Include the Anim user manual and tutorial (#257)
playcanvas/developer.playcanvas.com: content/en/user-manual/animation/index.md

---
title: Animation
template: usermanual-page.tmpl.html
position: 10.5
---

> PlayCanvas provides a powerful state-based animation system which can be used to animation character models and other arbitrary scene object models. Users can work with any of their .FBX animation assets. These can be organised using animation state machines to easily control the animated behaviour of scene models at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PlayCanvas provides a powerful state-based animation system which can be used to animate character models and other arbitrary scene object models. Users can work with any of their .FBX animation assets. These can be organized using animation state machines to easily control the animated behavior of scene models at runtime.
```
